7:30, baby. Come on.
How you doing?
Good for you.
>> Oh, man.
>> Get some.
>> It's a big day.
>> I feel all right.
Get some. Get some.
Get some. Get some. Come on. Come on.
Hey, keep it going. Dad, give it to me.
I got you
>> for 730 consecutive. That's the man
behind THE CAMERA.
>> GET SOME. GET SOME. GET SOME.
>> ARE you kidding me?
>> Today is my 2-year anniversary.
>> Amazing.
>> Of never missing a a day of running.
>> This is the guy. This is the reason why
I started running. Every day that
The biggest learning for me over the
last 730 days of running every day is
that doing the thing, my thing is
running, but this applies to anything.
This is universal. Doing the thing every
day is easier than not doing the thing
every day. Let me explain.
By default, the thing is difficult. And
if every day begins with should I do it
today, yes or no, it means every day
begins with rationalizing. Do I feel
like doing it because I did it yesterday
and I'm probably going to do it tomorrow
and it's definitely okay if I don't do
it. And honestly, today is just not my
day. All this rationalization is a
permission structure to say no. How many
days in a row have you been running?
>> 3,34
consecutive.
>> And this is why just doing it every day
is easier. you skip all the
considerations of should I or shouldn't
I and the answer's easy. It's always
yes.
>> Okay. Why did you start running every
day?
>> Okay. So, I got to a point in life where
nothing was really working out and I was
really tired of it. My professional
dream to be a soccer player went to
crap. That's a long story. Talk about
another day. And I started being envious
of my friends like they were getting job
out of college and I started en like
losing my joy for life. So, I got to a
point like it was literally looking at
yourself in the mirror moment and like
stop making excuses. What can you do
that you can hold yourself accountable
and I went out there and I enjoyed
myself like, "Well, this is not bad. I
love this. I love that I'm in control
and I'm holding myself accountable." And
it was supposed to be every day for a
year and then that turned into 9 plus
and we're still going.
I'm so sick of hearing people talking
about running. Running every day is a
silly thing. It's my thing, but it's a
silly thing. This idea of
accountability, though, that is not a
silly thing. That's a real thing. I
think accountability is one of the
things that really unlocks like a sense
of fulfillment in life.
So, I have a friend who's sober, used to
have a drinking problem, been sober for
more than a decade. And he said to me,
one of the things that really, really
landed with him was that when he first
started going to meetings, somebody said
to him, when you commit to sobriety, it
means never having to make a decision of
am I going to drink today? And that's a
very serious, that's a very real, that's
a very not silly version of what
accountability means. And that's why
this idea of every day of accountability
I it's it's universal.
>> Yeah. This is called my
>> This is called getting the shot at all
cost.
>> That is hilarious.
>> You know my sister
>> Yes.
>> is a nutritionist
>> and she like this I think this is 2
years ago she decided I'm done with
sugar.
>> Okay.
>> And it's completely changed her life.
See,
>> but it's every day. There's no
exception.
>> Yes.
>> Brown.
>> Okay. I'm making a movie about
consistency. Can I ask you questions
about why you um about giving up sugar?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. So, why why not just have like a
cheat day where you where you get to
have sugar like a one or two days a
week? I experimented with all different
kinds of moderation, including cheat
days, including cheat meals, just having
it once a week, just having it once a
day. I had tried every combination. And
what I found is that the way that
sugary, hyper palatable foods lit me up.
I was never able to stick to my
moderated plans. Um, I I always wanted
more. It was like a drug. Do you think
it's easier that you do it every day
versus when you tried to do it like a a
couple days a week or whatever?
>> Absolutely.
>> What are the rules?
>> What What are your rules? Like what?
>> Yes.
>> My favorite part of every day is that
you get to write your own rules.
>> Yes. Like no, you're holding yourself
accountable on that. You're holding
yourself accountable.
>> Your own rule. I think that's very
important because we can't gate and we
can't be like, oh, this is in order to
be a run. No, my rule was in the
beginning 10 minutes a day. I end up
going just over a mile and then end up
being as I got comfortable with it. No
matter what, minimum has to be 5K or 3
miles.
>> Okay.
>> And but average than over 7 miles a day.
>> Look how cute she is. Okay. And then
what are your rules? Cuz like an apple
has sugar in it.
>> I had to figure out what really works
for me. So I would never say no to any
type of natural sugar. And that is
apples, sweet potatoes, beets. Um, even
dairy has natural sugar in it. I don't
worry about that. What about ketchup?
Added sugar.
>> Um, ketchup is a little bit of a gray
area for me. I do buy the sugar-free
ketchup. It has Splenda in it.
>> That That's the thing about
accountability is that the rules,
they're self-determined. They're your
rules. You just you make them up and
then you have to hold yourself to those
rules. My everyday thing, my rule is I
have to do a minimum of two miles a day.
My average over the last 730 days has
been 7.2 miles, but my rule is two miles
a day. And the one day I thought I was
going to break the rules. I um I wa You
guys are going so fast.
>> Okay, this is like a year and a half
ago. This was the day I thought I was
going to break my my streak because it
went like this. Okay. Friday, I ran in
the morning. We left New York, fly.
Saturday, we arrive in the London
airport at like 7:00 in the morning and
then leave the airport at like noon. Do
you see it, Georgie?
>> Yeah, it's a big
>> It's a big one.
>> And then arrive in Cape Town on Sunday.
And then I would run on Sunday. So,
where in here could I run? I had like a
3 hour, 4 hour layover in the airport.
And I was like, there's just no way.
>> Mommy,
look up.
>> I remember like sitting around getting
food and I said to Candace, I was like,
"Watch the kiddos. I'll be back in like
25 minutes." And then I found a tunnel
where they like moved the garbage under
the airport. And I just ran back and
forth until I got to like 2.3 miles.
Streak maintained.
This is living in the dream. Living in
the dream. Remember what is life. Come
on.
>> Okay. All right. Awesome. This is
helpful. Um I'll call you back cuz I got
to talk to you about dad.
>> Hey, congratulations. Come on, guys. And
what are you doing tomorrow?
>> I'm running. JUST KEEP GOING. GET UP.